#summary Revision History
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

This list will contain all changes to UVM in previous and test versions.

Note: Latest revision may only be available via SVN, instructions on the SOURCE tab. Downloads will not be made available until the script is verified to be working and stable.

== Release Notes ==
=== 1.0 Beta 4 ===
  * Overall difficulty of reaching goal has been modified.
  * Corrected multiple text readouts.
  * Confessing to orgasm now reduces merits to 0 as intended.
  * Laundry merits no longer increase after minimum time. Set merits to fixed +5 for this job.
  * Increased merit deduction for permission requests.
  * Status refresh no longer floods report.txt
  * Adjusted ForgetPenalty and IgnorePenalty for permissions.
  * Watching TV now costs 40 merits, time increased to 4 hours.
  * Taking a hot shower now costs 10 merits.
  * Added post-laundry fold the laundry job.
  * Additional punishments now send the sub into Punishment status.
  * Confessing to orgasm without permission will now result in only one punishment "go without touching yourself" and 50% will go towards normal punishments.

=== 1.0 Beta 3 ===
  * Chain sound fixed.
  * Toilet time reduced from 15m to 10m
  * TV permission no longer requires 2h wait between requests.
  * Blindfold now sets sub into Punishment status.
  * Blindfold now uses slot EYES instead of BLINDFOLD
  * Hood now uses slot HEAD instead of BLINDFOLD
  * Webcam configuration option added.
  * Webcam public humiliation punishment added.
  * New statuses added for Personal Care, Yard Work
  * Deleting punishments will now result in additional merit loss.
  * Multiple texts changed.
  * Added support for crossdressing at home vs public.
  * Clothing scenarios modified.

=== 1.0 Beta 2 ===
  * Work time now a duration instead of return time.
  * Status readout changed to be clearer.
  * Evening clothing now asks if you have guests.
  * Added 2 hour check in to normal status.
  * Added punishments use rice, crawling, spreader bars
  * Added new instruction sets.
  * Added public humiliations.
  * Set max punishment for forgetting items.
  * Added additional sounds.
  * Added additional sleeping instructions.
  * Added webcam support for punishments.
  * Added going to a party report with merit deduction.
  * Added configuration question "Do you live in a house or apartment?"
  * Added report to rerun configuration. (Does not change Dom overrides)
  * Unnecessary instruction sets hidden.
  * Corrected unbalanced remind penalties.
  * Added first games to random popups.
  * Added and balanced check-in times.

=== 1.0 Beta 1 ===
  * Added first-run forced configuration.
  * Punishment bind your legs together will now assign properly.
  * Corrected spelling error on written punishments.
  * Corsets will no longer be worn while sleeping.
  * Added household punishments.
  * Added nipple-clamp punishments.
  * Added collar punishment.
  * Removed unused configuration items.
  * Added Permission for Internet Web/Chat/Games
  * Added sounds to various activities.
  * Updated for VM3.2B2
  * Header reconfigured for VM3.2B2
  * Bug in orgasm script corrected.